plasma5: move excludePackages option for consistency (#221376)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

- `llvmPackages_rocm.llvm` will not contain `clang` or `compiler-rt`. `llvmPackages_rocm.clang` will not contain `llvm`. `llvmPackages_rocm.clangNoCompilerRt` has been removed in favor of using `llvmPackages_rocm.clang-unwrapped`.

> - `services.xserver.desktopManager.plasma5.excludePackages` has been moved to `environment.plasma5.excludePackages`, for consistency with other DEs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `services.xserver.desktopManager.plasma5.excludePackages` has been moved to `environment.plasma5.excludePackages`, for consistency with other Desktop environments.
```
